Update VRF docs (#1250)
onflow/docs: docs/build/advanced-concepts/randomness.md

Flow enhances blockchain functionality and eliminates reliance on external oracles by providing native onchain randomness at the protocol level. This secure, decentralized feature empowers developers to build a variety of applications with truly unpredictable, transparent, and fair outcomes, achieved with greater efficiency.

> Flow's onchain randomness delivers immediate random values within transactions, bypassing the latency and complexity of oracle integration. Developers can obtain verifiably random results with a single line of Cadence code, streamlining the development process and enhancing the performance of decentralized applications.

Author: "transaction" is more accurate

Within the Flow protocol, the heart of randomness generation lies in the "Distributed Randomness Beacon". 
This module generates randomness that is distributed across the network while adhering to established cryptographic and security standards. 
The output from the randomness beacon is a random source for each block that is unpredictable and impartial.
Any node or external client can validate the block random source and verify it was generated fairly, making the randomness beacon a Verifiable Random function (VRF).

Since Flow mainnet launch, the beacon has ensured protocol security by selecting which consensus node gets to propose the next block and assigning verification nodes to oversee block computations. For those interested in a more detailed exploration of the randomness beacon and its inner workings, you can read [the technical deep dive on the Flow forum](https://forum.flow.com/t/secure-random-number-generator-for-flow-s-smart-contracts/5110).

The randomness beacon is also used to provide the Flow Virtual Machine (FVM) with random numbers allowing both Cadence and EVM to access fresh, secure and instant randomness at every block and transaction.

> ## Revertible Randomness

Author: explaining the 2 ways to use randomness: revertible and non-revertible

For usage of randomness where result abortion is not an issue, it is recommended to use the built-in function `revertibleRandom.` `revertibleRandom` returns a pseudo-random number and is backed by the Distributed Randomness Beacon.
The function is available for both Cadence and EVM.

```cadence
// Language reference:
// https://cadence-lang.org/docs/language/built-in-functions#revertiblerandom
// Run the snippet here: https://academy.ecdao.org/en/snippets/cadence-random
access(all) fun main(): UInt64 {
	// Simple assignment using revertibleRandom - keep reading docs for safe usage!	
	let rand: UInt64 = revertibleRandom()
	let rand: UInt64 = revertibleRandom<UInt64>()
	return rand
}
```

It is notable that the random number generation process is unpredictable (for miners unpredictable at block construction time and for cadence logic unpredictable at time of call), verifiable, uniform, as well as safe from bias by miners and previously-running Cadence code.

> Protocol improvements (documented in [FLIP 120](https://github.com/onflow/flips/blob/main/cadence/20230713-random-function.md))

Author: FLIP reference is mentioned at the end of the doc, but it is not relevant here

> :::warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::danger
```

- In contrast, the commit-reveal method using the `RandomBeaconHistory` is necessary in cases where the transaction is submitted by non-trusted users and may revert the random outputs. 
  You can think of a user minting a randomized NFT and is able to add a logic to their transaction to check the random traits and abandon the NFT if they are not happy. Another user plays a betting game and is able to abort whenever they lose. 
  General users are not guaranteed to act honestly when they play and commit-reveal is the way to limit their actions. 
  During the commit phase, the user commits to proceed with a future source of randomness,
  which is only revealed after the commit transaction concluded. 

Adding a safe pattern to reveal randomness without the possibility of conditional transaction reversion unlocks applications relying on randomness. By providing examples of commit-reveal implementations we hope to foster a more secure ecosystem of decentralized applications and encourage developers to build with best practices.

> ## An Invitation to Build

Author: Not sure if we should keep this section, seems to be relevant during launch but not afterwards

    destroy receipt

    if coin == 1 {
        emit CoinRevealed(betAmount: betAmount, winningAmount: 0.0, commitBlock: commitBlock, receiptID: receiptID)
        return <- FlowToken.createEmptyVault()
    }
    
    let reward <- self.reserve.withdraw(amount: betAmount * 2.0)
    
    emit CoinRevealed(betAmount: betAmount, winningAmount: reward.balance, commitBlock: commitBlock, receiptID: receiptID)
    
    return <- reward
}
```

## Revertible Random or Commit-Reveal?

> While both methods are backed by Flow's Randomness Beacon,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While both methods are backed by the Flow Randomness Beacon,
```
